Ah
And
So we are going to have a 10-minute long session
where you are going to be exploring
Forbes 2018 list of wealthiest people dataset
and you are going to be thinking aloud as you are exploring the data
and at the end you are going to make one or two interesting points about the data
features of the data you found revealing or interesting or informative
and I will give you a five minute warning, and I will give you a one minute warning
I may ask questions, you may ask questions of me
but other than that I'm going to try to stay relatively silent
Alright, go ahead and begin by importing the data and then analyze it
[User Action]
Hmmm
So why do you -- China has many things
Oh, why I pick this one?
I thought
It'd be interesting to kind of compare by countries
That's like the first thing that just came to my mind
And ummm
You can see that France and Germany is pretty good
in retails, whereas the United States is also good
In terms of finance and investments,
Well, the United States is the number one and there are not many... maybe Russia?
Hmmm
For the beverages... ummm... US
Health care... Oh, China!
Exception... Manufacturing... China is the number one as expected
Media and entertainments, yeah, look at the movies they make
Oscars
Metals and mining... Russia
This is pretty interesting in real estate
Hongkong?
Yeah, Hongkong is China. That means China's money is actually going to Hongkong
So China is actually, should be actually bigger than this one
And Unites States, they got a lot of lands, New york maybe?
Technology... woohoo, yeah Apple, Facebook these things
Telecomms as well, they are out of, popular right now so
Let me take off the industry now
somewhat, okay, well, the US, no surprise
Hmmm
Gender?
It's very predictable that males have higher values
with basically no exception but
among the females, US is the largest
Yeah, you can see that
Age? I don't think it's gonna be that much difference
Hmmm? What is this? Age
So you get a 5-minute warning -- Wait, they ask for average, average, average
Yeah there is no correlation in age, I could see that
I'm taking away, well, the source
This is a bad visualization
They have so many things
Ralph Lauren? Well, source?
Anyway, I don't like this, I don't like this feature here
What is the position?
Position
Oh, I don't know what position is but
by looking at the average, it doesn't seem to have any kind of...
Well, umm, position is...
Do you have a guess to what position is in this list of rankings of the richest people in the world?
Ohhh, is it like how many rich people are in that place?
I think it's just the individual's position on the ranking list
Oh really?
So, 50 richest person so on and so forth
Well, either way, it doesn't seem to have any correlation to the net worth
Take it away, latitude
Yeah like, when I was in high school people used to say "rich north poor south"
Longitude
I have a feeling that latitude and longitude are pretty much similar
Hmmm
Well, not similar
Source?
Yeah, it would be better if I saw it this way
Real estate, yep, that makes people rich
can take away the country
It's pretty more or less the same
Diversified
Hedge funds, investments
Real estate, woohoo, you are the winner!
Walmart
Zara
We're just about at the one-minute warning here, so...
Okay, no problem
points to discuss
Number of records?
Average worth, okay
Hmmm, gender... getting there
But, on the average,
There isn't much difference between man and woman which means that
It's just the mad difference in the numbers. I think that there isn't much difference in the net worth
Probably
Last thing it will source, I'm not so much interested, age?
63, the richest people's average age is 63
Okay, so we are out of time
Is there one or two main points that you found most interesting looking at the dataset
Well, this dataset is probably about the distribution of rich people
I could see that
Between the rich people
Real estate, has the...
The source of richness comes from the real estate
It is the most effective thing, like Donald Trump, for example
And probably the net worth between men and women were different
But, the average value between per person about men and women were not that different as the net worth
which kind of shows that, probably, the number of rich people in men are more than women, but
women, the rich people, the rich women
have almost as equivalent money as the men
That's something I discovered, and
it doesn't really have a lot of correlation with latitude and longitude
Age was about 64, 65 -- average age -- yeah
like age of the rich people average, yep
Thank you so much! I am gonna stop recording now -- Okay, I'm glad that helped